Step 1:
List the intermediary device categories.
Answer: Routers, Switches, Hubs, Wireless Devices, Security, WAN Emulation
(Wireless Router, LAN Switch, Router, Multilayer Switch, Firewall Appliance, Ethernet Hub)

Without entering into the internet cloud or intranet cloud, how many icons in the topology represent endpoint 
devices (only one connection leading to them)?
Answer: 15

Without counting the two clouds, how many icons in the topology represent intermediary devices (multiple 
connections leading to them)?
Answer: 12

How many end devices are not desktop computers?
Answer: 8

How many different types of media connections are used in this network topology?
Answer: 6


Step 2:
a) Based on your studies so far, explain the client-server model.
Answer: 

b) List at least two functions of intermediary devices.
Answer: Regenerate and retransmit communication signals
Maintain information about what pathways exist through the network and internetwork
Notify other devices of errors and communicaton failures
Direct data along alternate pathways when there is a link fault
Classify and direct messages accordingto priorities
Permit or deny the flow of data, based on security settings.

c) List at least two criteria for choosing a network media type.
Answer: What is the maximum distance that the media can successfully carry a signal?
What is the environment in which the media will be installed?
What is the amount of data and at what speed must it be transmitted?
What is the cost of the media and installation?


Step 3:
a) Explain the difference between a LAN and a WAN. Give examples of each.
Answer: LAN (Local Area Network) vs WAN (Wide Area Network). LAN are a localized are of network usually consisting
of computers in the same building. WAN is more widespread. Where several LAN's are connected to each other. 

b) In the Packet Tracer network, how many WANs do you see?
Answer: 1

c) How many LANs do you see?
Answer: 3

d) The internet in this Packet Tracer network is overly simplified and does not represent the structure and 
form of the real internet. Briefly describe the internet.
Answer: The network of networks.

e) What are some of the common ways a home user connects to the internet?
Answer: Wirelessly, through a cable. Either via WIFI or via an ethernet cable. All going through an ISP (Internet Service Provider)

f) What are some common methods that businesses use to connect to the internet in your area?
Answer: All going through an ISP or SP (Service Provider). Can be connected through a DLL (Dedicated Leased Line) or a SDSL (Symmetric Digital Subscriber Line).
Perhaps through Metro Ethernet

